Invite us now.
Chu Mingcui's face is really thick enough
Princess Qi is not pure
You are by my side
Don't leave this king's sight
OK
Don't worry, this king won't let anything happen to you.
The king has given reasonable instructions to his mother
Just for Jia Yun
We'll go back to the palace later and talk together.
Don't worry.
I will plead for you
He Li
Why do you want to leave me?
I still want to tell you about my fake rhyme
Do you want me to die?
I have no idea how much I have planned for you
To make you the crown prince
How much did I plan?
How much did you give up?
In the end, you have to be reasonable with me
Do you have a heart?
So you never loved me at all
You don't have to say much.
We have to be reasonable.
From the day I married you
I knew you didn't have me in your heart
I can't compare to five at first.
You are wronged
I think we've been together for over a year
It will slowly get better.
For 7 years
We get along well too
Treat each other as guests
Still loving
But who knows if you're forcing a smile
So
After today
If you put everything aside
You don't have to be wronged
I don't have to please
We are all right
You have no idea how much I paid
If you are not a flute
I will not give up the King of Chu to marry you
You want to be reasonable with me?
How could I be so pathetic?
I can't even keep a useless person like you
You want to care
It's so easy.
We die together
Prince Qin's study is on fire
I heard that King Qi and Princess Qi are both here
Please go and have a look.